Add cleanup phpcr database (#791)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: cookbook/cleanup-phpcr-database.rst

Cleanup PHPCR database
======================

> When you have an older installation of Sulu, you might have many old PHPCR properties in your database. Especially if
> you have changed you templates or content types a lot. To clean up the database you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an older installation of Sulu, you may be dealing with a database cluttered with outdated PHPCR properties.
This is particularly common if you’ve made significant changes to your templates or content types over time.
To tidy up your database, try running the following command:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     php bin/console sulu:phpcr:cleanup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    php bin/console sulu:document:phpcr-cleanup
```

see https://github.com/sulu/sulu/pull/7383

> The command is quite powerfull but also risky to run it in production. It will remove all properties which are not used
> in the current templates. So make sure to have a backup of your database before running this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command is quite powerful, but exercise caution when deploying it in a production environment. 
It will remove all properties not currently utilized in your templates. To avoid potential pitfalls, ensure you have a 
backup of your database in place before executing this command.
```
